Update 3.2.0 docs on custom grant handlers based on wum updates (#4730)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/develop/extending-api-manager/extending-key-management/writing-custom-grant-types.md

OAuth 2.0 authorization servers provide support for four main grant types according to the OAuth 2.0 specification. They also allow you to add custom grant types and extend the existing ones.

> To implement custom grant types for the API Manager, see Writing a [Writing a Custom OAuth 2.0 Grant Type](https://is.docs.wso2.com/en/5.10.0/learn/writing-a-custom-oauth-2.0-grant-type/) in the WSO2 Identity Server documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To implement custom grant types for the API Manager, see [Writing a Custom OAuth 2.0 Grant Type](https://is.docs.wso2.com/en/5.10.0/learn/writing-a-custom-oauth-2.0-grant-type/) in the WSO2 Identity Server documentation.
```

!!! Info 
    **If you are using a GA released API-M 3.2.0 distribution or a WUM updated API-M 3.2.0 distribution on or before 23rd of October 2020,**

>     Note that API Manager has already customized the Grant Type handlers for `authorization_code` , `password` , `client_credentials` and `saml2-bearer` grant types. If you require any additional functionality for these grant types, its advisable to extend the following grant handler implementations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note that API Manager has already customized the Grant Type handlers for `authorization_code`, `password`, `client_credentials`, and `saml2-bearer` grant types. If you require any additional functionality for these grant types, it is advisable to extend the following grant handler implementations.
```

    | Grant Type                                                               | Existing Handler Class (which can be extended if required)                                              |
    |--------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
    | `authorization_code`| `org.wso2.carbon.apimgt.keymgt.handlers.ExtendedAuthorizationCodeGrantHandler` |
    | `password`| `org.wso2.carbon.apimgt.keymgt.handlers.ExtendedPasswordGrantHandler`|
    | `client_credentials`| `org.wso2.carbon.apimgt.keymgt.handlers.ExtendedClientCredentialsGrantHandler` |
    | `urn:ietf:params:oauth:grant-type:saml2-bearer` | `org.wso2.carbon.apimgt.keymgt.handlers.ExtendedSAML2BearerGrantHandler`|
    | `refresh_token`| `org.wso2.carbon.identity.oauth2.token.handlers.grant.RefreshGrantHandler` |

!!! Info 
    **If you are using a WUM updated API-M 3.2.0 distribution after 23rd of October 2020 or an Update 2.0 based API-M 3.2.0 distribution,**

>     If you require any additional functionality for these grant types, its advisable to extend the following grant handler implementations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you require any additional functionality for these grant types, it is advisable to extend the following grant handler implementations.
```
